templates/README.md, before:

# RealtyReach Templates

This directory contains community-contributed templates for the RealtyReach Chrome extension.

## How to Use These Templates

Templates in this directory can be imported directly from the extension's template marketplace. To access the marketplace:

1. Open the extension options page
2. Click on the "Template Marketplace" button
3. Browse available templates and click "Add" to import them to your extension

## How to Contribute a Template

To contribute a template to the marketplace:

1. Create a new JSON file following this naming format: `[your-template-name].json` (use dashes instead of spaces)
2. Structure your JSON file following the template format below
3. Create a pull request with your new template file

### Template Format

```json
{
  "name": "Your Template Name",
  "description": "A brief description of when and how to use this template",
  "author": "Your Name",
  "content": "Dear {{agent_name}},\n\nYour template content goes here...\n\nThank you,\n{{your_name}}\n{{your_phone}}\n{{your_email}}"
}
```

### Available Variables

The following variables can be used in your templates:

- `{{agent_name}}` - The real estate agent's name
- `{{property_address}}` - The address of the property
- `{{your_name}}` - The user's name (set in extension options)
- `{{your_phone}}` - The user's phone number (set in extension options)
- `{{your_email}}` - The user's email address (set in extension options)

## Guidelines for Templates

- Keep templates professional and respectful
- Do not include any personal contact information
- Make sure all templates are useful for real estate inquiries
- Test your template to ensure proper formatting and variable usage

Commit message:

Add preview functionality for email templates, including a modal for displaying template previews. Introduce a default template file and update the JavaScript to handle loading and displaying templates. Enhance the options page with a preview button for both user-created and marketplace templates.

templates/README.md, after:

# RealtyReach Templates

This directory contains community-contributed templates for the RealtyReach Chrome extension.

## How to Use These Templates

Templates in this directory can be imported directly from the extension's template marketplace. To access the marketplace:

1. Open the extension options page
2. Click on the "Template Marketplace" button
3. Browse available templates and click "Add" to import them to your extension

## Default Template

The file `default-standard-inquiry.json` is used as the default template when a user first installs the extension. This template is automatically loaded and set as the default template. If this file cannot be loaded for any reason, the extension will fall back to a built-in default template.

## How to Contribute a Template

To contribute a template to the marketplace:

1. Create a new JSON file following this naming format: `[your-template-name].json` (use dashes instead of spaces)
2. Structure your JSON file following the template format below
3. Create a pull request with your new template file

### Template Format

```json
{
  "name": "Your Template Name",
  "description": "A brief description of when and how to use this template",
  "author": "Your Name",
  "content": "Dear {{agent_name}},\n\nYour template content goes here...\n\nThank you,\n{{your_name}}\n{{your_phone}}\n{{your_email}}"
}
```

For the default template, you can include an additional field:

```json
{
  "isDefault": true
}
```

### Available Variables

The following variables can be used in your templates:

- `{{agent_name}}` - The real estate agent's name
- `{{property_address}}` - The address of the property
- `{{your_name}}` - The user's name (set in extension options)
- `{{your_phone}}` - The user's phone number (set in extension options)
- `{{your_email}}` - The user's email address (set in extension options)

## Guidelines for Templates

- Keep templates professional and respectful
- Do not include any personal contact information
- Make sure all templates are useful for real estate inquiries
- Test your template to ensure proper formatting and variable usage
